Hey, Rick, I have to make a project
for the science fair this weekend,
-you think you could help me out?
-Whatever.
Well. I mean, traditionally,
science fairs are a father/son thing.
Well, scientifically,
traditions are an idiot thing.
Morty, I think it would be fun for you to
work on a science project with your dad.
[clears his throat]
-Yeah, dad, why don't we do it together?
-Yes.
You backed
the right horse on this one, son.
We'll get out the crayons,
brew some coffee
and knock this thing out
in two or three days.
-[electronic voice] What is my purpose?
-Pass the butter.
Thank you.
Dad, I need a ride to work.
Maybe Rick can give you a ride.
I'm helping Morty with science.
-I'm busy.
-Doing what?
Anything else.
-[electronic voice] What is my purpose?
-You pass butter.
-Oh, my god.
-Yeah, welcome to the club, pal.
[Rick and Morty main theme]
-Since when do you have a job?
-Since last week.
It's part-time
at this little vintage thrift store.
My boss is this really smart,
eccentric old man
that treats me nice and values me.
Can't wait to meet
this [burps] fascinating character.
Please don't.
When did this stop being Jamba Juice?
I've just recently opened for business,
-Mister Goldenfold.
-You know my name? That's disarming.
I also know you long
for female company.
You know it has been lonely
since the divorce.
Some voids can't be filled
with Jamba Juice.
This aftershave makes a man
quite irresistible to women.
Free of charge. One never pays here.
Not with money.
Nothing to read into there!
Thanks!
Sorry I'm late, Mr. Needful. This is
my Grandpa Rick, he was just leaving.
Tell me, Rick, what do you desire?
I make my own stuff.
So, what are you, like, the Devil?
What?
Sorry?
I don't know, store comes outta nowhere,
all this shit's old and creepy.
-Are you the Devil, a demon, leprechaun?
-Grandpa Rick!
Hey, I'm not judging, just like
to shoot straight, I'm a man of science.
Then perhaps
you could make use of this.
This microscope reveals things
beyond comprehension.
[increasingly loud laughter]
Grandpa, go home and drink.
Why don't we do a model
of the solar system?
That's what my dad did with me
when I was your age.
Okay.
You know, Rick's in his lab
making cyborgs and wormholes
and all that weird stuff,
but this is real science.
A man and his boy, making planets.
Hey, how about we use a ping pong ball
for Pluto?, and then Jupiter--
Actually, I don't think Pluto's a planet.
[laughter]
Of course Pluto's a planet, son.
I learned that in the third grade.
-Yeah, but you know, they changed it.
-Morty, nobody changed the planets.
I just googled it.
Pluto's not a planet,
they changed it in 2006.
Yeah, I heard about that, Morty.
And I disagree.
You disagree?
That's right. It's possible
to disagree in science, Morty.
Pluto was a planet, some committee
of fancy assholes disagree,
I disagree back.
Give me a ping pong ball.
Okay, I just have to--
Go find Rick
and go over my head about Pluto?
No, geez,
I just gotta go to the bathroom! Damn.
[clears his throat] Okay, good.
This is going to be fun!
Hey, Morty, let me [burps]
ask you a question real quick.
Does evil exist, and if so,
can one detect and measure it?
Rhetorical question, Morty, the answer's
yes, you just have to be a genius.
Cute. Your sister's boss
gave me a microscope
-that would've made me retarded.
-Oh, boy, Rick,
I don't think you're allowed
to say that word, you know.
Morty, I'm not disparaging
the differently abled.
I'm stating the fact
that if I had used this microscope,
it would've made me mentally retarded.
Okay, yeah, but I don't think
it's about logic, Rick.
I think the word has just become
a symbolic issue for powerful groups
that feel like
they're doing the right thing.
Well, that's retarded.
-What are you guys talking about?
-Apparently nothing.
You asked him
if Pluto's a planet, didn't you?
-No.
-It's not.
-Shut up, Rick!
-Whoa.
I don't care what anyone says.
If it can be a planet,
it can be a planet again.
Planet.
Planet, planet, planet!
Stay scientific, Jerry.
This aftershave made women want me,
but it also made me impotent!
A price for everything, Mr. Goldenfold.
A price for everything. [evil laughter]
[sobs] Oh, my God!
How could I not see this coming!
My lust!
My greed!
I deserved this.
This serum should [burps]
counteract the negative effects.
Holy cats! Ladies, let's get outta here!
I haven't learned a thing!
-Here, you [burps] can have this back.
-You didn't use it?
Sure I did.
To develop this.
It detects and catalogues
all your Twilight Zone,
Ray Bradbury, Friday the Thirteenth
the Series voodoo crap magic.
I thought you might want it, so you
didn't accidentally sell anybody, say...
a typewriter that generates
bestselling murder mysteries
and then makes the murders
happen in real life. [spooky sound]
Be quiet!
Don't you wanna make sure
people know what they're getting?
You're not intentionally selling...
beauty cream that makes ugly ladies
pretty, but also makes them blind?
-I find this all quite preposterous.
-I say, good sir, oh...
[gibberish]
That's beautiful. You know it's gonna
be wearing you in three hours?
Do I need to call the police?
Here, you can use my phone.
Don't worry, it won't make you deaf
because I'm not a hack.
No!
Stop it!
Stop!
Stop it right now!
Grandpa Rick, I like working here!
You work for the Devil!
-So what?
Yes, so what if he's the Devil, Rick?
At least the Devil has a job.
At least he's active in the community.
What do you do?
You eat our food and make gadgets. Bye.
[burps] Whoops.
I'm sorry, Mr. Needful.
I'll clean that up.
I don't know what I can do about
the ghost lady that came out of it.
It's fine. Summer,
you know, your grandfather's right.
This store curses people.
That's my business.
Fast food gives people diabetes
and clothing stores have sweatshops.
Is there a company hiring teenagers
that isn't evil? This is my first job.
You've been nice to me, Mr. Needful.
You respect me.
Please.
Call me The Devil.
-I'd rather not, actually.
-Yes, perhaps not during business hours.
I told you, I want to file a declaration
that Pluto is a planet.
Well, then my son's going to fail
his science class,
and when that happens,
I'm suing you first.
I think I know
what the A in NASA stands for.
-Dad, what's your end game?
-Ain't no game, sucka.
Why don't we just make the solar system
with eight planets? It's even easier.
Sure, sure.
Why don't we just burn Galileo
at the stake for saying the sun is round?
Science isn't always easy, Morty.
-Whoa.
What the hell?
I'm King Flippy Nips, ruler of Pluto.
We discovered you quite by accident
during routine surveillance of your world.
You really gave it to those guys at NASA.
You know,
sometimes science is about conviction.
I'd like to introduce you to a few people
that very much agree with you.
Oh, I...
Plutonians.
Jerry Smith is a scientist from Earth,
where he's creating
a model of our solar system.
Jerry, tell Pluto about your decision.
[clears his throat]
Pluto's a planet.
Pluto's a fucking planet, bitch!
Oh, man, this is definitely
gonna go to his head.
If it's athletic prowess you desire,
Principal Vagina, I might--
-I'll take it!
-But I haven't--
Thank you very, very much.
Great store, great place. Bye.
Okay.
I must say, Summer,
I thought your grandfather's outburst
would have disrupted business,
but this is the best weekend
I've had since Salem.
Nice.
Wholesome Delight for lunch?
-Is that the vegan place?
-Yeah, I love their soup.
I'm kind of souped out.
Mrs. Tate, is it?
What do you desire?
Whoa, whoa, slow down, honey.
Oh, is there a limit?
Everything's free, right?
Let's just say you don't pay with money.
[evil laughter]
-That was perfect.
-You pay with the curses, right?
Oh, well.
But Mrs. Tate,
why do you want cursed items?
Well, I'm gonna get
the curses removed at Curse Purge Plus.
You know, the guy on TV?
What?
Have you acquired, creepy, specific
old stuff from a mysterious antique
or thrift store that gives you powers but
fucks with you in unforeseeable ways?
Bring it to Curse Purge Plus. I use
science to uncurse the items for cash
and you get to keep the powers!
This guy got mysterious sneakers
to make him run faster, but guess what?
He would have had to run until he died,
making them worthless.
I removed the curse, making them worth
like, I don't know, 8 million dollars?
See you at the Olympics.
This eerily intelligent doll
was threatening to murder its family.
-Now it does their taxes.
-[doll] Everything's deductible.
Don't pay for cool stuff
with your soul.
Pay for it with money, you know, like how
every other store in the world works?
We're located at First and Main
in old town. Come on, come on down.
First and...
[gibberish]
Across the street from Needful Things,
where you can get evil items for free.
Diabolical son of a mother--
We're back on Good Morning Pluto
and a very good morning it is for
our guest, Earth scientist Jerry Smith,
who's making headlines with his bold
announcement that is what, Jerry?
-Pluto is a planet.
-Wow.
-Well, how about that.
-I love it.
Morty Smith? I'm Scroopy Noopers.
I'm a scientist. Can I show you something?
-I better not.
-Right now.
The center of Pluto, Mister Smith,
is made of a substance called Plutonium.
Mines like these suck Plutonium
up to the cities,
where corporations use it
to power everything,
from diamond cars to golden showers
and the more we remove,
the more Pluto shrinks.
[rumbling sound]
There it goes again.
It just shrank a little.
But a few years ago, your scientists
noticed Pluto had gotten so small
they couldn't call it a planet anymore.
It should have been our wake up call.
But the rich Plutonians won't wake up.
And they love your dad
telling everyone Pluto's a planet,
because that means they can keep mining,
until Pluto goes from planet
to asteroid, to meteor
and finally... poof.
A party?
-Is everyone in your family an idiot?
-For sure me and my dad are!
Well, all you have to do
is get him to admit that
and you could save four billion lives.
Yeah, you know, the thing is,
my dad's really insecure.
Funny. Mister Needful,
out of everything in the store
you'll never guess
what we couldn't get rid of.
Oh, my God.
I wish this desk was lighter.
I wish this knot was looser!
Come on.
Wait, what am I doing?
I wish I knew CPR!
One, two, three.
Jesus, what a waste of a monkey paw.
Mr. Needful, how could you even think
of doing something so horrible?
I'm the Devil, what should I do
when I fail, give myself an ice cream?
You haven't failed!
People like Rick
are making me obsolete.
I mean, seriously, I may be the Devil,
but your grandpa is the Devil.
I just want to go back to Hell, where
everyone thinks I'm smart and funny.
No!
It's not fair.
Everyone in this town got something
they wanted from you. Even Rick.
I was your only friend, and I get nothing?
Okay, I'll give you one thing.
Name it.
I want to help you.
-Clever twist.
-I learned from the best, you old fart.
Now let's go get you hydrated.
Looks like we've got
haunted boxing gloves
that will make you
the heavyweight champion in 1936,
and then you'll be trapped there,
winning the same fight for eternity.
I can take out the eternity
and the padding
and then you'll have
some time traveling mittens.
Oh, look, it's Rosemary's baby.
How's business?
Here's the last of our inventory.
We're going to file chapter 11
and do some restructuring.
Sounds like code for "you win, Rick".
That was important to you, wasn't it?
Nope. It was important
to your dumb devil friend.
To me this was all just a bit like
when Bugs Bunny fucks
with the opera singer for 20 minutes.
He tried to kill himself.
Seriously?
Holy crap. Holy crap.
But you know what, Grandpa Rick? He's
strong and he's never going to give up.
-Yeah, I don't care.
-I know. Everyone knows you don't care.
-So?
-So, have fun not caring.
-I always do.
-Good.
Yeah, it is good.
It's [burps] the best.
I'm sure it is.
-Bye.
-Later.
I'm here to pick up
my undead cat and child.
Yeah, give me a second.
These are the forms
for the employee health plan?
Alright, yeah, put them on my...
I just got bored.
Everybody out.
[Jerry] All right, just one more rally,
then I promise we'll get back
to your science project.
Dad. Pluto isn't a planet, it's shrinking
because of corporations.
Yeah, that's what that anti-planet
nut job Scroopy Noopers
was screaming about outside
the ministry of money's fundraiser.
Are you telling me
four billion Plutonians are wrong?
You said science wasn't easy!
I said science isn't always easy.
Obviously that means
sometimes it is easy,
let's not debase ourselves
with word games, son.
-Dad, their whole planet is dying.
-You called it a planet. Checkmate.
What's up, Pluto!
Mr. Smith, please, tell my friend here
what you just told me, go on.
"My Very Eager Mother Just Served Us
Nine Pickles." And the pickles is Pluto.
My god.
The man's a genius!
-Excuse me.
-Morty? What?
Dad, what did you think about
the recent report
published by
The Pluto Science Reader linking
plutoquakes, sinkholes and surface
shrinkage to deep core Plutonium drilling?
Well, son, what did you think when
you were five, and you pooped your pants,
and you threw your poopy undies
out your bedroom window
because you thought it was like
throwing something in the garbage?
[laughter]
I mean, I'm trimming the hedges
and these things are just hanging there,
was I supposed to think
the poop bunny left them?
Good one, dad.
Hey, Morty, you wanna go on a...
Hey, Beth?
Hello?
Hey, Jerry?
You in here being stupid?
Thanks. Hey, you know, I was thinking,
you know, I might watch a movie.
[electronic voice]
I am not programmed for friendship.
Suit yourself.
[burps]
Hey, hey.
What is going on?
Listen, can you help me do
this stupid science fair project?
Whatever.
Jerry, you must be so excited.
The Plutobel Prize is the highest honor
a scientist can receive.
I'm flattered and humbled.
Oh, I like that.
Use that in your speech.
Also, talk about Pluto
being a planet, people like that.
You're highness,
we've captured Scroopy Noopers.
You animals.
Animals!
Look whose little journey
has come to an end.
Take him to Plutanamo Bay.
You can't kill the truth, father!
-What?
-I can see you're confused.
Plutanamo Bay is a military prison,
a sort of play on words.
Did he call you father? Scroopy Noopers,
the anti-planet nut job, is your son?
The young eat the old
if you let them, Jerry.
Pluto is a cold, cold celestial dwarf.
-It's a what?
-Oh, planet!
[laughter]
Pluto is a cold, cold planet.
That's what I meant.
Knock them dead out there, you.
Pluto is...
[melancholic music]
not a planet.
[booing]
It's not a planet!
Hey!
I'm an idiot and I love my son!
It was a long six hours,
but we've overhauled Needful Things
into the globally compliant,
web 4.0 "enomenon", N33dful.com!
Spelled with threes instead of E's!
[cheers]
Okay, that's it,
we just got bought by Google!
[cheers]
I'm so proud of you, Lucius.
So how much did we make?
[laughter]
-We? This is my business. Security.
-You're Zuckerberging me?
I was Zuckerberging people
before Zuckerberg's balls dropped.
I'm the Devil, bitch!
What! What!
[cheerful music]
-Hey, Morty.
-Hey, dad.
What are you doing
back from Pluto so quick?
Some people just can't handle the truth.
Especially dummies like me.
Morty, I'm not as smart
as your Grandpa Rick,
but I promise never to make
that your problem again.
Hey, dad. Nobody's smarter than Rick,
but nobody else is my dad.
You're a genius at that.
Wow.
That's humbling and flattering, son.
Thank you.
What's say we finish ourselves
an 8 planet solar system?
I'm just gonna take this thing in
-and get an A.
-[electronic voice] Butter.
You're a genius at being my dad, dad.
Quit while you're ahead. And also,
knock next time, you know?
I mean I'm sitting in here, I'm 14,
-I got a computer in here, you know?
-I think I understand.
You're really playing with fire
when you burst in here like that, man.
I get it.
Say no more.
I mean, one of these days, you know,
you're gonna end up seeing something.
I got it! Noted!
Good night!
How's your pretend grandpa doing,
aka the Devil?
-He dumped me.
-Sorry.
-Did we learn a lesson I'm not seeing?
-Not sure.
Maybe in a much bigger way,
Mr. Needful gave us both
what we really wanted?
Because I was always jealous
of you hanging out with Morty,
and you didn't realize
how much you valued my approval?
-No. That's dumb.
-Nah, not satisfying.
I'll tell you what, though.
If it's satisfaction you're after,
I think I might have an idea.
[whispers]
Totally.
Let's do it.
[rap music]
And that's how I took my storefront
into the forefront of the upfront.
Thank you, Seattle!
Rick?
Summer?
[audience screams]
-Stupid motherfucker.
-Stupid bitch.
Stupid motherfucker.
How do you like that?
Why?
Because sometimes, what you really need
is for someone else
to pay a horrible price.
[shrieks]
We did it, [burps] totally worth it.
We did it.
-We just pulled it off.
-Yeah, bro.
[burps and laughter]
[Rick and Morty main theme]
[rap music]